Backport 3.6: md: allow dispatch to PSA whenever CRYPTO_CLIENT is enabled (#9562)
Mbed-TLS/mbedtls: docs/architecture/psa-migration/md-cipher-dispatch.md

Here are some reasons why calling `psa_xxx()` to perform a hash or cipher calculation might not be desirable in some circumstances, explaining why the application would arrange to call the legacy software implementation instead.

> * For ciphers `MBEDTLS_PSA_CRYPTO_CLIENT` is disabled.

Reviewer: This isn't specific to ciphers. If `MBEDTLS_PSA_CRYPTO_CLIENT` is disabled, then there are no `psa_xxx` functions in the build, so we can't call them.

Also, the part about drivers is still relevant.

```suggestion
* `MBEDTLS_PSA_CRYPTO_CLIENT` is disabled.
* There is a PSA driver which has not been initialized (this happens in `psa_crypto_init()`).
```

It is strongly desirable to allow mechanisms available through PSA but not legacy: this allows saving code size when an accelerator is present.

> There is no strong reason to allow mechanisms available through legacy but not PSA when `MBEDTLS_PSA_CRYPTO_C` is enabled. This would only save at best a very small amount of code size in the PSA dispatch code.

Reviewer: Why did you remove the part about CLIENT here? It's still relevant.

Mbed TLS defines internal symbols `MBEDTLS_MD_xxx_VIA_PSA` which are used to check if the `xxx` hash algorithm is supported in PSA. They are enabled when:

* `MBEDTLS_PSA_CRYPTO_C && MBEDTLS_PSA_ACCEL_ALG_xxx`, i.e. when the PSA Crypto core is built with Mbed TLS and the `xxx` is accelerated through a driver.
* `MBEDTLS_PSA_CRYPTO_CLIENT && PSA_WANT_ALG_xxx`, i.e. there is a PSA Crypto provider/server which supports `xxx` hash algorithm.

MD internally uses the following private function to determine if PSA can be used at runtime or not:

```
static int md_can_use_psa(const mbedtls_md_info_t *info)
```

Internally this function does the following:

* First of all it converts the `mbedtls_md_info_t` to `psa_algorithm_t`. The result of this conversion is based on the `MBEDTLS_MD_xxx_VIA_PSA` symbols: if an algorithm does not have the corresponding `MBEDTLS_MD_xxx_VIA_PSA` enabled, then `md_can_use_psa` will return false.

* If `MBEDTLS_PSA_CRYPTO_C` is set `int psa_can_do_hash(psa_algorithm_t hash_alg)` is used to further checking if the PSA Crypto core has been initialized or not. If so then `md_can_use_psa` will finally succeed, otherwise it will fail.

> * If `MBEDTLS_PSA_CRYPTO_CLIENT && !MBEDTLS_PSA_CRYPTO_C`, `psa_can_do_hash` cannot be called because this is an Mbed TLS vendor specific addition that is not officially supported by the PSA Crypto standard. Therefore in this case `md_can_use_psa` will simply try to abort a freshly initialized `psa_hash_operation_t`; if it fails `md_can_use_psa` will assume that `psa_crypto_init()` has not been called.

Reviewer: I don't understand why attempting to abort an operation would be relevant. This looks to me like an implementation-specific hack. Some plausible behaviors would be incompatible with this check, such as:

* The local code of abort sees that it has no handle of an ongoing operation, so does nothing without attempting to contact the server.
* The first attempt to perform an operation attempts to open a connection. This may or may not be desirable during the early boot where a fallback may be desirable.

The considerations for “has client-server communication been initialized yet?” and “have drivers [and the keystore, if we extend this to ciphers] been initialized yet?” are similar. For “have hash/cipher drivers been initialized yet?”, we introduced `psa_can_do_hash` and `psa_can_do_cipher`. Those functions are provided by our library when `MBEDTLS_PSA_CRYPTO_C` is enabled. When only `MBEDTLS_CRYPTO_CLIENT_C` is enabled, it would make sense to require the implementation of the communication layer to provide them.

#### Determination of PSA support at runtime

Mbed TLS defines internal symbols `MBEDTLS_MD_xxx_VIA_PSA` which are used to check if the `xxx` hash algorithm is supported in PSA. They are enabled when:

* `MBEDTLS_PSA_CRYPTO_C && MBEDTLS_PSA_ACCEL_ALG_xxx`, i.e. when the PSA Crypto core is built with Mbed TLS and the `xxx` is accelerated through a driver.
* `MBEDTLS_PSA_CRYPTO_CLIENT && PSA_WANT_ALG_xxx`, i.e. there is a PSA Crypto provider/server which supports `xxx` hash algorithm.

MD internally uses the following private function to determine if PSA can be used at runtime or not:

```
static int md_can_use_psa(const mbedtls_md_info_t *info)
```

Internally this function does the following:

* First of all it converts the `mbedtls_md_info_t` to `psa_algorithm_t`. The result of this conversion is based on the `MBEDTLS_MD_xxx_VIA_PSA` symbols: if an algorithm does not have the corresponding `MBEDTLS_MD_xxx_VIA_PSA` enabled, then `md_can_use_psa` will return false.

> * `int psa_can_do_hash(psa_algorithm_t hash_alg)` is then used to further checking if the PSA Crypto core has been initialized or not. If so then `md_can_use_psa` will finally succeed, otherwise it will fail.

Reviewer: Please add a note to explain that in client-server builds, the implementer of the client interface is expected to provide `psa_can_do_hash()`.
